Update why ccf + Implement application claim for transfer (#12)
microsoft/ccf-app-samples: banking-app/README.md

There are multiple reasons that you want to use CCF for banking consortium.

> - The ledger generated by CCF is tamper proof and banks can prove that there is no tamper in the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ledger generated by CCF is tamper-proof, it cannot be modified after having been produced. Even users without a full copy of the ledger, holding their transaction receipts, are protected.
```

> - Users can use [transaction receipts](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/audit/receipts.html#receipts) with [application claim](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/use_apps/verify_tx.html#application-claims) as proof of transferring money even without accessing to the system (TODO: implement application-claims in the app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can use [transaction receipts](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/audit/receipts.html#receipts) with [application claim](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/use_apps/verify_tx.html#application-claims) as proof of transferring money even without online access to the system (TODO: implement application-claims in the app).
```

> - Banks don't have to trust each other. Majority of the banks need to agree to make changes on the application with the default [constitution](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/constitution.html#constitution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Banks don't have to trust each other. A majority of the banks need to agree to make changes on the application with the default [constitution](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/constitution.html#constitution).
```
